Add Arch Linux installation instructions (#217)
benbusby/whoogle-search: README.md

This series of commands can take a while, but once you run it once, you shouldn't have to run it again. The final command, `heroku open` will launch a tab in your web browser, where you can test out Whoogle and even [set it as your primary search engine](https://github.com/benbusby/whoogle#set-whoogle-as-your-primary-search-engine).
You may also edit environment variables from your app’s Settings tab in the Heroku Dashboard.

> #### Arch Linux & devriates
> There is a [package available](https://aur.archlinux.org/packages/whoogle-git/) at AUR, a prebuilt & daily updated package is also available at [Chaotic-AUR](https://chaotic.cx).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Arch Linux & Arch-based Distributions
There is an [AUR package available](https://aur.archlinux.org/packages/whoogle-git/), as well as a pre-built and daily updated package available at [Chaotic-AUR](https://chaotic.cx).
```
